docs(u-boot): AM335X: Update splash screen details for 09.03.05.02 (#116)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/linux/Foundational_Components/U-Boot/Apps-Splash-Screen.rst

Reviewer: If you can, please remove processors wiki link from line 1 - https://github.com/TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc/pull/116/files#diff-a5d6eca7afe4291aa3788e3750f15a0d7a4452bfdfb1b14aa98f64c5dbe43dc5R1

.. rubric:: AM335x
   :name: am335x

A splash screen is an introductory screen the user sees over the display when the device boots up. Splash screens are typically used to provide feedback to the user that the board is booting up and to showcase
the vendor logo which helps with branding and identification of which boot image is being used for the bootup.

> All the code related to u-boto splash screen support is based on Processor Linux SDK 09.03.05.02.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the code related to u-boot splash screen support is based on Processor Linux SDK 09.03.05.02.
```

For AM335x, splash screen is enabled in u-boot which uses the LCDC driver.
On AM335x evm, the LCD backlight is controlled using enhanced Auxiliary(eCAP0) PWM.

> To use this, enable following configurations in configs/am335x_evm_defconfig.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use this, enable following configurations in :file:`configs/am335x_evm_defconfig`.
```

.. code-block:: kconfig

>     CONFIG_SPLASH_SCREEN=y

Reviewer: The indentation of code sections should clearly line up with code-block directive as mentioned in CONTRIBUTING guidelines - https://github.com/TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#indentation-and-whitespace

Author: I will fix this.

    CONFIG_SPLASH_SOURCE=y
    CONFIG_SPLASH_SCREEN_ALIGN=y
    CONFIG_HIDE_LOGO_VERSION=y
    CONFIG_AM335X_LCD=y
    CONFIG_VIDEO_BMP_GZIP=y
    CONFIG_BMP_24BPP=y
    CONFIG_BMP_32BPP=y
    CONFIG_BMP=y
    CONFIG_VIDEO=y
    CONFIG_CMD_BMP=y
    CONFIG_SYSCON=y
    CONFIG_REGMAP=y
    CONFIG_CLK_CCF=y
    CONFIG_CLK_TI_AM3_DPLL=y
    CONFIG_CLK_TI_DIVIDER=y
    CONFIG_CLK_TI_MUX=y
    CONFIG_DM_PWM=y
    CONFIG_BACKLIGHT_PWM=y
    CONFIG_PWM_TI_ECAP=y

.. rubric:: Display Image using U-Boot command line
   :name: Display Image

To test the display and video driver in U-Boot, run the following commands at U-Boot console:

.. code-block:: console

>    #To see all the files in your boot partition run

Reviewer: Same comment of indentation of code sections as above

Author: sure.

   => ls mmc 0

   #To load image
   => fatload mmc 0 $loadaddr ti_logo_414x97_32bpp.bmp.gz

   #To display image
   =>  bmp display $loadaddr m m

> The above command will display an image at the centre of the screen as below

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above command will display an image at the center of the screen as shown below
```

Style: center is used substantially more than centre

.. Image:: /images/AM335x_evm_uboot_splash_screen.jpg
   :width: 600

> User can use the custom image to display the splash screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user may use any bitmap image as splash screen. The below command may be used to verify the image is valid.
```

Even this is a little vague. EFI boot splash on amd64 still has general requirements about image size, alpha channel usage, etc. There needs to be more information here.

Reviewer: @sukrutb any comments on this?
